[MUSIC]
>> Justin Meyer: So Steven just to
answer your question while we're
all working here.
He asked, a better question would have
been, is ,in, faster than object,
than reading the eight property,
double equals undefined?
[COUGH] Well,
first object double equals undefined,
you'd wanna maybe make that triple equals,
but you can actually
have an undefined property which
is confusing, but you really can.
So that wouldn't be a good test either,
but
I think what you're really asking is,
is reading the property value
going to be faster than just telling
if the property value exists?
So, in,
just tells you the property exists,
doesn't have to go through
actually reading the value.
I doubt there's too much of
a performance difference,
but I would bet that, in, is gonna be
faster than actually going through and
reading the property.
>> Justin Meyer: Probably,
that would be my guess.
And the AON, there is no test for
this exercise,
it will be tested by the next exercise,
when we implement $each.
Just cuz this is a private function
inside JQuery that it doesn't expose.
All right, so I'm gonna go through
the answer, a lot of you guys were kind of
struggling with this,
that's okay, we have to go
kinda fast today through the exercises,
so just do your best to get through it.
Ask as questions and
then follow along with the answer.
So, let me write out how
I would implement this.
So what I would do is I'd first
just make sure that the object's
length property is typeof,
>> Justin Meyer: Number.
[COUGH] Okay, that's good.
Otherwise, it's not array-like,
so I'd just return false.
[COUGH] The next thing I'd probably
wanna do is check if the object's
length is greater than or equal to 0.
Well, I just actually,
I'll do it, if it's equal to 0,
then we're just gonna return true cuz
we're not going to really do anything.
And then what I would do, is I'm gonna
check if the obj.length is greater than 0.
And if it's greater than 0,
let me show you, if it's greater than 0,
I'm going to just make sure that
that property that I'm looking for,
obj.length minus 1,
is actually in my object.
So I would just return,
if (obj.length- 1) is in obj,
and then actually I'm gonna delete this,
because I wanted it so
that if nothing is hit,
I'm just gonna return
false at the end here.
>> Justin Meyer: Any questions about this
or you guys are all writing it out?
If you look in the my_jQuery final, if
anybody is like just wanting to copy and
paste, basically it's the same thing,
just laid out on one line instead of with
all of these ifs.
>> Justin Meyer: So,
walk through it again, I'm just
checking that it has a length property,
that's a number, it has to have that.
If the length is 0, it means it's
an empty array-like things, so
I'm just gonna return true.
And then if the length is greater than 0,
it could be, maybe someone has a length
property of negative a million.
Well, that's not an array.
But as long as the length
is greater than 0,
I'm gonna make sure that at least
it has a property right at the end.
I could, if I were doing it trying to be
extremely precise, I could go through
every single innumerable property and make
sure it exists but that would take long.
So jQuery, and
I think uses this heuristic,
that it's gonna have length
minus 1 at least, as a property.
Then otherwise it's gonna return false.
>> Justin Meyer: Someone asks,
>> Justin Meyer: So some questions?
Could also be written as return
type of like number in object one.
Maybe you could, but
it wouldn't get this lengthy [CROSSTALK].
>> Speaker 2: Can you repeat the question?
>> Justin Meyer: Yeah,I kinda
mumbled through it, sorry.
Yes, the question is could this
also be written as return typeof,
let me write how he kind of wrote it.
He asked, could this be done as
return typeof obj.length ===
"number" and essentially,
this part right here.
>> Justin Meyer: So
the only problem with that,
is that it wouldn't work
if the length was 0 because
it would return false.
Because 0 minus 1 is negative 1 and
there wouldn't be a negative
property in an empty array.
So isArrayLike would actually return
false for something that was in fact
an array.
>> Justin Meyer: One other probably
smart check that this could do, but
would just be to actually check is array,
and then if that returns true, return
true, otherwise check for all of this.
But that's not necessary for this example.
There's another question too,
I'm confused about the obj.length- 1
in object part, this part right here.
Okay, so what this is doing is an array,
let's say you had an array-like thing,
the thing that we want to be
array-like might have a 0 property and
then some value.
Let's say that this is name of cats or
something.
>> Justin Meyer: And
then it would have a length property of 2.
What this part is doing right here,
is it's checking the length,
it's subtracting 1 and getting 1.
And it's gonna check that this object
has a 1 property, and return true
if it does.
>> Justin Meyer: Okay
that makes some sense, can't we return
directly without any else or else if?
You could write it kind of
like Steven suggested and
I showed two examples ago, where you
could return without any ifs or else ifs.
I just think that this
is much easier to read.
>> Justin Meyer: Cool, and
by the way just you guys know,
like minifiers like Uglify and
all of that, will see this code and
convert it into one line with ternary
operators and stuff like that.
So writing ifs and elses and
someone is like hey that makes the code
too long, don't listen to him.
Clear code is much better
than short terse code,
if it means someone can understand it.
Okay, ready to go onto the next exercise.